hey guys wanting to toribash replay
showcase absolute 21 with me jack
marshmallow five films this week I'm
incredibly regretful to tell you that
this is the last ever episode of Tori
very plush okay so then this shouldn't
come as a surprise to anybody as I've
been saying for weeks and well hasn't
been seen for months really we are just
running out of replays and well we've
officially ran out I don't know what
what's up I don't know why you guys
aren't sending me replays I've been
asking for weeks and weeks and weeks
saying we need replays the show can't
survive without replays and you guys
have just been sending me nothing I just
it's upsetting it really is I really
thought you guys liked this show but
apparently it's just it's you guys don't
like it apparently this shows despised
because well the inbox is empty therein
nor replays I don't know what went wrong
what I did to upset you all but there's
just no replays well there's one so this
is gonna be the last every plane this is
zombie epic skills by Sir onyx I really
really hope this we place whoa okay at
least um Wow at least we get to go in a
really high not good god that's awesome
Jesus look at that kick so much oh my
god there's so much power behind that
that might be actually the most powerful
kick we've ever seen on this show
alright let's um let's go in and see how
he did that so it's gonna look like what
I think I mean I don't even know how you
do that Jesus fuck I'm so happy we get
to go out on this I mean that could have
gone so much worse so it looks like he's
maybe contracting or extending his left
leg days doing stuff with his right leg
too that's incredible you look at the
punks that's a full five thousand points
that's 30 as well it's one and a 35 1535
point stop that that might actually be
the most points I've ever seen in a
toribash Wow good God so let's all right
let's see this for a mom let's see this
from Jeff cam oh wow it is so much
better for that angle that's awesome all
right let's see what good God the circle
or I will even see this one from Tori
cam because as I said we did we never
use tarik Hammond oh my god that is so
cool
haha that is sensational oh my god thank
you sir onyx that is such a good replay
the ground and let's watch it let's
watch this were my God my good god so at
least at least I'm getting to go out on
that but a last last replay the show you
know it's over this is the last one this
is the last episode we're ever gonna be
able to do ah okay so yeah this is it
this is that I've been doing the show
for 21 weeks and it just you guys you
guys well you fucked it up honestly I
mean it was going good you know I opened
up the forum threads you could have
posted your replays there but no no one
posted a single replay on the fucking
floor runs it's easy they make it for
you you can just attach three plays it's
so so easy but no none of you none of
you did it and it's just my Twitter the
facebooked open you could ah you could
have attached it to the Facebook so you
gotta send it there's so many ways to
submit but no you you guys just couldn't
you couldn't open up your emails you
couldn't send it to showcase a Jack Jack
what the address is submissions at man
on fire films com what not showcase
submission okay let's hang on Oh